hey there are you ready for another
brain workout today
because i have 30 new riddles for you
i'll show you a pair of people for each
one
and you'll have to decide which person
doesn't behave wisely
you'll have seven seconds per riddle to
make your decision every right answer
will award you one point
ready grab a pencil and a piece of paper
and let's get started
charlotte and elizabeth are doing some
homework charlotte is going to iron some
clothes
and elizabeth is about to cook who's not
being smart
[Music]
elizabeth charlotte's safe because the
iron is turned off
lucas and liam are going on a field trip
with their kids
lucas is distracted while his daughter
is climbing a tree
liam is talking to another parent while
his son is petting a dog
who is wrong
lucas the branch his daughter is
climbing is cracking
and she is about to fall
ava and olivia are finally leaving home
for their first night out after
maternity leave
ava decides to walk and olivia is
waiting for a taxi
who is not ready
olivia she forgot to finish her makeup
michael and logan are bloggers who take
selfies in dangerous places
this time michael is taking a selfie
while surfing on a huge wave
and logan is taking one standing on the
edge of a bridge
who is not smart
[Music]
michael in logan's case at least there
are people around who can call emergency
services if something goes wrong
michael is alone it's early morning
ian and nolan are driving their kids to
school
who is not smart
[Music]
nolan his child is not in the car
jackson and emma are volunteering at an
animal shelter
jackson is feeding the cats and emma is
washing the dogs
who is wrong
[Music]
jackson he gave the cats dog food by
mistake
scarlett and ellie are going to bed
scarlett kept her door open so her cat
could enter during the night
while ellie prefers to close her door
who
is not smart
scarlet you should always close your
bedroom door at night
in case of fire it'll stop the flames
for a while
and give you more time riley and
isabella are taking their kids to
kindergarten
riley is riding a bike with her daughter
and isabella
and her son are going by car who is
wrong
[Music]
isabella her child isn't wearing a
seatbelt
lily and oliver have job interviews at
four o'clock
lily is ironing her best suit and oliver
is waiting in the hallway wearing jeans
who's not getting the job today
lily she must have forgotten the time
the interview is in five minutes
and she's still at home sophia and aiden
are working in the garden sophia is
watering the flowers while her cat is
walking around
aiden is mowing the lawn while his child
is playing nearby
who's not smart
aidan it's dangerous to use the
lawnmower when children are close by
john and brandon are making breakfast
for their kids
john is making sandwiches and brandon is
making eggs with bacon
who is wrong
[Music]
brandon he forgot to turn on the stove
thomas and abigail are going on a date
thomas arrived a half an hour early
and decided to buy some flowers abigail
just returned from london and is driving
to meet him
who is wrong
[Music]
abigail she's driving on the left side
of the road
ryan and kately are having fun outside
during their christmas break
ryan is learning how to skate on the
lake and kaylee
is skiing in the forest who is not smart
[Music]
ryan the ice on the lake is cracking and
there's no one around to help him
asher and halia are enjoying their
vacations
asher is chilling at the beach and haley
is climbing the highest mountain around
who is not behaving wisely
[Music]
asher although haley's activity is quite
risky
she seems to be okay but asher fell
asleep at the beach and is going to get
a sunburn
chloe and avery are having some quality
time on friday
chloe is reading a book and avery is
watching a documentary
who is missing something
avery she forgot to turn off the oven
and something's burning
hannah and maya are meeting their
friends today hannah arrived by bike and
is waiting for her friend
by the house maya arrived by car opened
the doors
and is waiting for her friend to come
down who is not smart
mayor it's not safe to stay in the car
with unlocked doors
a stranger can quickly get in the car
and she wouldn't be able to do
anything from the front seat mason
and jacob are going on a trip to the
desert where they'll spend the whole day
who is not adequately prepared
mason the sun is powerful and he's not
wearing a hat
emily and madison are spending their
time outdoors
but it's not their lucky day emily
stumbled and fell in some mud
madison was swinging but fell now
they both are getting up who made a
mistake
[Music]
madison the swing is still moving and it
may hit her head if she gets up
aubrey and james are cleaning the house
aubry is listening to music while
vacuuming the living room
and james is washing the windows who is
not being smart
[Music]
aubry the vacuum cleaner isn't plugged
in
mia and ethan are going on summer
vacation
mia is going to greece and ethan is
visiting his brother in sydney
who is not smart
ethan he's packed shorts and swimwear
but he won't need them because it's
winter in australia
carter and layla are in a hurry for work
carter is walking while talking on his
phone and layla
is running while texting who's going to
be late
leila she's looking at her phone and
doesn't see the pit
she's about to walk into leah
and erin are driving to meet their
friends leah has all of her things
scattered in the car
and aaron is traveling above the speed
limit who is not smart
leah it's not safe to keep unprotected
things inside the car
in case she stops suddenly something can
hit her very
hard william and daniel are driving and
are late for work
who is wrong
[Music]
daniel he's driving way above the speed
limit in the neighborhood
jane and amelia are resting in the park
after running
five miles jane is eating and amelia is
drinking water from the fountain
who is not smart
[Music]
amelia the warning sign says that the
water isn't drinkable
max and ezra were driving around the
desert and got stuck in the middle of
nowhere
they burned a spare tire to produce some
smoke max stayed close to the tire
and ezra walked away in search of
something helpful
who is not smart
ezra you should never leave the vehicle
chances are the rescuers will notice the
smoke and find you
but if you go you might miss them
both jonathan and savannah didn't sleep
well
and are starting their morning while
savannah is preparing some coughing
jonathan is taking out the trash who
is doing something wrong
jonathan instead of the trash he's
taking out the old toys they collected
to donate
stella and aurora didn't study for the
test one of them decided to try her best
and the other is planning to cheat can
you spot
who's cheating
stella she has a lot of bags surrounding
her
so she must be trying to hide something
miles and cooper were walking in a park
when a sudden storm erupted
lightning struck a tree and miles
decided to hide under it
cooper entered a little shack nearby who
is wrong
miles the belief that lightning never
strikes in the same place twice
is just a common misconception an indoor
shelter is one of the best places to
hide
leo and melanie are preparing a barbecue
party
leo is cooking and melanie is decorating
the yard
who is not smart
leo while he's cooking the meat is
spoiling in the direct sun
congrats that's it for today now sum up
your points
if you got 10 points or less you scored
below average
don't be sad it's just the beginning you
can check out some other riddles to
train and prepare for the next round
if you got between 10 and 25 points you
scored average
great you're on the right way and
finally
if you got 26 points or more you're in
great intellectual shape
here's an interactive medal from me and
my admiration
good for you